
interview questions Selenium :- 

 what are the ways to run maven project?
1. through eclipse
2. through cmd
3. through jenkins
4. through batch file




 1.what is system testing 
 It is an end to end testing of an application done by test engineer like a real user as per CRS is known as System testing.

 2. what is smoke testing  
 Testing the basic and critical features of the apllication before doing functional, integration and System testing is known as smoke testing.
 It is also known as build verification testing.

 3. what is sanity testing  
 sanity testing is done to check that newly added functionalities, bugs, etc., have been fixed or not.

 4. difference between smoke and sanity  
 Smoke test is done to make sure that the critical features of the application are working fine, performed by developers, test engineer, client.
 whereas sanity testing is done to check that newly added functionalities, bugs, etc., have been fixed, performed by test engineer.

 5. explain about sdlc .  

 6. explain about water fall model

 7. explain about v model 

 8. explain about agile model 

 9. what is a scrum meeting(daily standup meeting)
 The daily scrum, also called the standup, is a short daily meeting designed to let the team plan out its work for the day
 and identify any obstacles that could impact that work.

 10. what is scrum
 is an agile project management framework that team uses to self organize and work towards a common goal.

 11. what are the methodologies used in agile 
    Scrum.
    Kanban.
    Lean (LN)
    Crystal.
    Dynamic System Development Model, (DSDM)
    Feature-driven development (FDD) ...
    Behavior-driven development (BDD)  
    Extreme Programming (XP)
    Adaptive software development (ASD)
    Agile Unified Process (AUP)

 12. what is the difference between regression and retesting 

 13. what is grey box testing 
   Combination of white box testing & black box testing is known as grey box testing.

 14. explain about stlc 

 15. explain about bug life cycle  

 16. what are defect metrices

 17. what is defect triage  
   is a process to prioritize the defects based on severity, risk, frequency of occurence.

 18. what is exploratory testing  
   Whenever application is given but there is no requirement then we go for exploratory testing.
   here we find scenarios based on our understanding and convert them into test cases.	
 
 19. explain about boundary value analysis 
   Testing the boundary of components or elements on webpage.

 20. explain about state transition matrix 

 21. explain about decision table technique 
   It is a table which help us to decide how many numbers of test cases are needed for a given set of requirements.

 22.what is a test environment 
   A test environment is where the testing teams analyze the quality of the application/program. 
   This also allows computer programmers to identify and fix any bugs that may impact smooth functioning of the application or impair user experience.

 23. what is test bed ?



⁭⁫
 interview questions Java:- 

 1. what is a variable 

 2.what is the datatype and explain its types 

 3. explain about final variable ? 
 
 4. what is abstract class 

 4. what are access modifiers 

 5.what is a static variable 

 6. difference between static methods and non static methos  

 7. what is the difference between method and constructor 

 8. what is method overloading and overriding 

 9. difference between constructor overloading and overriding

 10. what is oops and its pillars 
 Object-oriented programming is a core of Java Programming, which is used for designing a program using classes and objects 
 
 11. explain about class and object and its difference

 12.what is interface

 13. what is abstraction and its difference with interface

 14. explain about inheritance and its types 

 15. what is the difference between break and switch

 16. explain about ploymorphism and its types and difference ? 
   one thing showing multiple behavior is known as polymorphism. here we can perform single action by different ways

 17.what is encapsulation ?  
   Binding and wrapping of code and data together is known as encapsulation.                                     

                       
     note:- the programs regularly asked are

  1. pallindrome

  2. string reversion
 
  3. prime number 

  4. even odd  

  5. fibonuchi 

  6. armstrong 

  7.factorial 

  8. pattern  
